(Episode 3)
It smells so bad.
It's been over 10 days since he died.
- Oh, my.
- How did that happen?
His wife graduated their marriage,
- so he died alone.
- Did he die alone?
He should've treated his wife better.
Oh, my.
Sir?
We're here.
You're late.
You drank a lot.
What happened?
Oh, my. Let me go. What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing? Have you gone mad?
Get away.
What's wrong with you?
You witch.
Do you think I'd let you go?
You'll always be my wife whether
you're dead or alive.
Divorce? No way.
That will never happen.
What are you doing?
My friend Jong Gu...
Jong Gu died.
He had a stroke in the bathroom.
He bled a lot.
My poor friend.
He was living alone.
He was found 10 days after his death.
Honey,
do you want that to happen to me?
Do you really want to...
divorce or do that graduation thing...
and make me live alone?
I really don't want to be alone.
The children are all gone.
What will I do alone in this big house?
What will I do...
if I don't have you?
I can't live...
alone.
Tell me.
I'll do anything.
I'll do anything you ask for.
Tell me.
Please.
Let's stop doing this.
You're drunk. Go to sleep.
Answer me!
Tell me you'll stop doing this graduation thing.
Answer me right now.
You're trying to hold on to me saying you will treat me better,
but it's impossible for you to do that.
Do you know why?
You will never know...
why it was hard for me to live...
with you.
Young Hye.
Are you done talking?
When a man comforts you like this,
a woman should accept him back.
Why are you so stubborn?
Do you think you're perfect because I said I'll treat you better?
I wasn't going to tell you,
but I also have a lot of complaints about you.
Do you want me to list all of your faults?
I know...
that you are stupid.
Just obey me.
Do you know who...
will be more damaged if we part ways?
When a man has some money,
women stand in line to live with him...
even if he's old.
Hey.
You're going to turn 60 soon.
You already reached menopause. Who will treat you as a woman?
I'm still a man.
You're just...
a human.
A neuter gender.
Okay?
Grandma, you're going to be in trouble.
Oh, my.
Hey. You almost hit me.
You don't think I can hit you?
I always wanted to hit you whenever you ignored me...
while I was living with you.
What did you say?
Are you out of your mind? Okay.
Hit me.
Okay, hit me.
- Hit me. - Get away.
- Hit me. - Why are you doing this?
Just hit me.
- Move. - Hit me.
- Move away! - Why? Just hit me.
You don't even know how to hit me.
I'm telling you to hit me.
Wait a minute.
Oh, my.
I'm bleeding.
I can't believe you're doing this.
I'm asking you.
Let me be courteous when we're going to part ways.
Come here.
Follow me!
- What are you doing? - Come here.
- What are you doing? - Follow me!
What are you doing?
Come here.
- Follow me. - It hurts.
Let go of me if you want to talk.
Get in.
Where are we going at this hour?
Are you that mad to bury me under the ground or something?
Yes! I'm going to buy a shovel on my way. Get in.
Get in. This is an order!
Goodness.
This is your favorite dried yellow corvina. Eat up.
No, I won't.
Why are you trying to upset me?
Do you have to ask?
So Won is mad because of you.
You said your plan could help them reconcile,
but they're going to get divorced.
Your mother-in-law already made her decision.
How would I have known that in advance?
That woman should know she's lucky to be fed and have a roof over her.
Fine. Tell her to live without her husband.
Hey. I became a widow at the age of 28.
Goodness, men in Beolgyo recognized beauty when they saw one.
From gangsters to men who emptied the septic tank,
every man made a pass at me when I walked past them.
Do you know how humiliating that was?
What's Ru Ri doing? Why isn't she answering her phone?
Our family is such a mess now.
You're going back to your family whom you must have missed.
Why do you look like you're going to a slaughterhouse?
Right now, I feel like I've transformed into a cow.
I'm sorry, Manager Jung.
You have to take a disciplinary action because of me.
Exactly.
Do you know how much you disappointed me?
I'm really sorry.
How can you fall for such a loser like him even if you were desperate?
Raise your standards.
Manager Jung.
And work on your punches.
You only look intimidating with your height.
You couldn't even take down that witch.
Actually, today is the first day I let out my anger.
I always held back and let the others win.
I lost it today. I was furious.
Why do you live like such a pushover?
I wonder from which point my life started to head south.
But what's weird is that...
once things go sour, they keep going south.
Unfortunate things always happen to me.
I'm not brave either.
I don't believe in myself.
I'm not that competent either.
I'm so pathetic.
Have you just realized that?
How pathetic.
Where are you going? The airport is that way.
That's so intriguing!
He got out.
How did he get out?
Did you see that?
You look kind of lame right now.
But why did you bring me here? We were going to the airport.
I took pity on you.
I wanted you to find some solutions for your life.
Solutions?
If you go in now, you can check in right away.
Be smart in Seoul.
Let me warn you.
Let's not meet ever again.
- I'm going. - Wait.
Tell me why you brought me to the magic show.
You said I can find some solutions for my life there.
What could that be?
Look at you. You really are pathetic, aren't you?
Even after the show, you didn't feel or realize anything?
I thought it was fantastic.
It amazed me how he could do the trick in a blink of an eye.
Do you know what the most important part is...
when magicians do their tricks?
The magicians must believe in themselves.
"I can do it."
"No matter how hard it is, I can pull it off."
When you believe in yourself that you can actually do it,
your life will magically improve.
Go already.
I don't want to see you again after you miss your flight.
I'm leaving now.
Thank you, sir.
Stop disappointing me.
If you don't get this job, just get married to Myung Tae.
My boyfriend told me...
that you had never had a boyfriend,
and that you clung onto him...
after he treated you nicely out of pity.
He played with you like a toy.
You were too pathetic that you couldn't tell love and pity apart.
"No matter how hard it is, I can pull it off."
The magicians must believe in themselves.
He's right. I can't just go back like this.
Where are we going?
Are we really going to a mountain?
Why? Are you scared?
No way.
Being buried in the mountain sounds like a better alternative...
than living with you.
Oh, my.
Don't drive like a lunatic.
You're not even good with directions.
Don't use your brain. Just do what I tell you to do.
Unbelievable.
Hey, Lee Ru Ri.
Hey, loser.
Why did you come so late?
I waited for you so long.
I went grocery shopping and had dinner.
But what's going on? Why are you here?
Let me stay at your place just for a week.
Please let me stay.
What? Why should I?
Don't worry.
A week later, when I get the job as the club mate again,
I'll move out right away.
Have you gone mad? Why would I let a grown-up woman stay at my home?
You won't have to worry about that either.
I'll stay out of sight and just sleep at your place.
Besides, you're the safest guy I can think of.
Because of the aftereffect,
you're incapable...
Hey, don't you dare look down.
Then I will carry this bag since I'm your roommate now.
Why did you buy so many things?
I guess you knew I was waiting for you here.
Park the car over there. Slowly.
We're here. Get off the car.
Where on earth are we?
Why does it look so creepy?
The wind is getting chilly. Let's go back.
Unless you're seriously thinking of burying me, let's go.
Can't you...
recognize where we are?
I get that you are bad with directions.
You can't forget this place.
21, San Avenue.
Unit 203.
This is the place?
You must have forgotten everything...
including how we met...
and how we lived.
I ran into you by chance
And you stole my heart just like that
I saw your eyes by chance
They won my heart over
I have something to tell you
But why don't I have the courage?
I want to tell you, but I don't have the courage
My heart is just racing
I'm frustrated
Let the wind blow it away
Isn't he good looking? He's my brother's friend.
Shin Mo, I'm here.
Oh, you're here.
This is my friend, Hong Young Hye.
She's the most popular girl from my major. Isn't she pretty?
Let's go eat some bread together.
What?
It's fortunate that you like my daughter.
When should they get married?
The sooner the better.
What about you, Young Hye?
Father.
I will take Young Hye with me.
Let's go.
What are you doing?
How will you support her?
My daughter will marry an entertainer like you...
over my dead body.
Okay.
I will get a job and support her.
Where are you going?
Sit down right now!
Are you going to be okay?
The room is really small.
Let's start from my boarding house.
Do you regret it?
With you,
I will never regret.
I can't promise you anything else,
except for one.
I won't make you cry.
Oh, my.
Nothing has changed.
We are the ones who have changed.
You have everything.
My mom will love these.
Why is your kitchen so amazing when you're living alone?
Don't touch that.
You're going to break them.
Roman prosciutto grilled beef sirloin.
These are all recipes.
Manager Jung, are you a chef?
I heard that you worked quite long at the resort.
What is your favorite food from the resort?
What was it?
Rigatoni pasta.
That's really good.
- I developed that. - What?
Really?
You really are a professional.
Here, this is seafood risotto.
- It's an honor to eat my food. - Thank you.
Are you going to throw that away?
You can throw it away right here.
This is for four people.
It's better than throwing it away.
Your stomach is amazing.
Where should I sleep?
You're shameless.
You didn't even get on the plane.
Where does your confidence come from?
You said it.
"If you believe you'll be good, you'll become good at it."
From now on,
I'm going to start trusting myself.
Like magic.
Like this.
Ru Ri, you can do it.
Let's go.
Do you see that?
That is my room.
There's a guest room right next there.
Don't get confused and come into my room.
Be quiet and just sleep.
Wash the dishes cleanly.
Okay.
Good night.
Seriously?
She's deep in sleep.
She got confused and came into my room.
Hey.
Hey, Ru Ri.
Is she sick?
Maybe she got bitten by a red ant.
Ru Ri, wake up.
This is serious. She's unconscious.
Let's go to the hospital. We have to go to the hospital.
Where are my car keys?
Where did I put them?
Who are you?
Where am I?
Oh, my.
What happened?
Are you okay?
My head hurts so much.
Gosh.
What are you doing to me?
You're so sneaky.
What? Sneaky?
If you have any shame, look in the mirror and tell me.
You're like a sea squirt on fire.
Give me that.
A sea squirt?
Where?
This is because of alcohol.
Did you give me alcohol?
I'm allergic to alcohol.
You should've told me earlier.
- I put wine in the risotto. - What?
I'm in trouble.
It's so itchy.
Do you have to do that in front of me?
What should I do?
Go back to Seoul right away tomorrow.
I'm scared that you might get in trouble again.
You're so irresponsible.
I can't do that.
I can't leave. I have to be here.
No, you can't.
I can't do that.
I'm going to stay here even if I die.
Why don't you want to go back to Seoul?
What is it?
I want to find my life.
I never lived according to my own will.
I only did what my dad made me do.
I really want to know...
what I want,
what I want to do,
and what I'm good at.
No.
I just want...
to know what kind of person I am.
Please.
Let go.
What are you doing?
I'm making cucumber juice.
At this hour? Why?
You need to sober up.
You were ugly before, but now that you are swollen, it's worse.
I must have sinned in my previous life.
Coming here brings back old memories.
I was too busy to reminisce about these memories.
I remember when I bought my first car.
It was...
there in the alley.
It was parked in front of the cigar store.
Don't be so slow, and come here.
Ru Ri, this is our car.
Honey.
- Dad, is this really our car? - Of course.
Let's ride the car right now.
Let's go, Ru Ri.
- I... - This is our car.
So Won.
Hey, don't do that. You might break the windows.
Gosh, we have a car now.
- Like this, like this, like this - Like this, like this, like this
- The seeds have sprouted - The seeds have sprouted
Again.
It's still fresh in my memory.
The children loved it.
Everyone told me I was crazy.
We were living in a rented house with two rooms,
and yet I had bought a car.
I couldn't understand you then.
Do you know why I bought it even when people told me...
I was crazy?
I had to live apart...
at the construction site...
in the other city for months.
And I missed you and the children so much...
that it drove me crazy.
That's why when I had even a little bit of time...
I came home...
no matter how long it took,
even if I had...
less time to sleep.
And I'd look at you and the children...
while you were asleep.
Then I went back however long it took...
to the construction site.
That's why I bought that car.
My heart...
is no different...
than the one I had then.
I think it's the same.
But what happened to us?
Why can't we do better than this?
I wanted to make you happy.
That's why...
I worked so hard.
What...
have I done to you?
What have I done...
to cause this?
Why are we...
Why have we become like this?
Seoul has changed a lot.
I don't even recognize where we are.
Have you really never set foot in Seoul during the past 10 years?
No, I didn't need to come here.
Then the person you are meeting...
It's been 10 years.
You must be happy to meet him again.
Well, honestly, I am looking forward to it.
What would his face be like when he sees me?
Would there be tears? Or would it be the opposite?
Excuse me.
Who are you?
Is this Go Jung Do's house?
Yes, he's my dad.
Really?
Then you must be Eun Byul.
Oh, my. You've grown a lot.
Who is she?
I don't know. She's here for dad.
He mustn't have told you anything about me.
Call your dad.
Tell him that Choi Sun Young is back from Tokyo.
Guys, let's have some fruit.
Mom.
Mom? You are their mom?
Excuse me, but who are you?
I asked you a question first.
What's your relationship with Go Jung Do?
He's my husband.
What?
Husband?
You are his wife?
I can't believe this.
Who are you? Who are you to...
Dad is here.
It's been a while.
Get out.
Are you still angry at me?
It's been 10 years.
I told you to get out.
Get out now! Now!
I think I made a good choice of coming back,
seeing you are still angry.
Dislike is a form of love.
Don't kid yourself.
It's hatred, not dislike.
It's funny.
We'll meet again.
Mom.
It's okay. Don't worry.
(Hwa Young Dance Studio)
(Contact Dancer Jung Hwa Young)
Jung Hwa Young?
Find out about her.
Find out everything about her.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm sorry.
I didn't want to get angry in front of you.
Who was she?
The person who gave birth to me.
Was that your mother?
She doesn't deserve to be called my mother.
She merely gave birth to me.
You don't have to be worried about her.
Honey.
You know me. I don't hate people for no reason.
I don't know why she came to me,
but if she comes between us, everything will fall apart.
But don't worry. Whatever happens,
I will make sure she doesn't do that.
What are you doing in the dressing room all day?
Drink this.
What is this?
If it's black goat blood like last time, I'm not having it.
It's not. I know you don't like it because of the smell.
I won't give you something you don't like. Never.
- Then what is this? - It's gaesoju.
Why did you spit it out? You should have swallowed it.
It's gone to waste.
By the way, why do you have all these bags out and packing up?
What's with all these bags?
I'm going on a trip to Jeju Island with my husband for two days.
It's only for two days, and yet it looks like you're moving.
The weather is very fickle in Jeju Island.
I need to change clothes according to the weather.
These are for rainy days,
and those are for sunny days.
What about that one?
It's for my "fire night" with my husband.
Gosh, stop it.
- What is it, mom? - You should have told me.
I'll prepare something...
for "fire night". Wait a moment.
Wait a moment. Mom.
We're going on a trip to relieve his stress...
he received from his mother.
If you follow us, he'll only get more stress.
Gosh, you are so heartless.
How can you be so mean?
You can spend a "fire night",
and I only give him stress?
Can't I enjoy my life too?
Gosh. You go ahead then!
Mom. Are you angry?
Don't be.
My heart is no different than the one I had then.
But what happened to us?
I wanted to make you happy.
What...
have I done to you?
Is that all your stuff?
I'm not going on a trip.
I'm going to come back as soon as I find Ru Ri.
I'm wondering...
if Ru Ri coming back will change Mom's decision.
If you and Ru Ri work together,
she might change her mind.
You're right. She always listens to her children.
Look after your mom while I'm away.
- Try to change her mind. - Okay.
Cheer up, Father.
You know that I'm on your side, right?
Thank you. I'll go now.
- You want to apply for a club mate? - Yes.
I regret it so much.
Actually, that couple was the cause of the whole accident.
It was an accident.
We don't care who caused it.
It's up to you to apply,
but don't expect us to hire you.
- Manager. - You know...
General Manager makes the final decision.
Anyway, please think over since my life depends on it.
What are you doing here?
She wants to work with us again.
What a pity. She worked very hard.
General Manager hates her now that he wouldn't hire her.
Why would he throw this out?
I want to find out...
what I want,
what I want to do,
what I'm good at,
and what kind of person I am.
This is the recipe that you requested.
It can change our breakfast menu.
Oh, thank you.
But under one condition.
The number you have dialed is unavailable at the moment.
You will be connected to the voicemail box after the beep.
What's she doing that she never picks up her phone?
She's annoying.
By the way, how do I get to the Visitors Bureau?
- Excuse me. - Yes.
I'm trying to get to Guam Visitors Bureau.
Get on the free shuttle over there,
and here's the time table.
- Okay. Thank you. - Goodbye.
I'm sorry.
Don't be mad. You know I love you.
Are you a mite?
Stop getting so close. It's already so hot.
What do you mean?
You shouldn't call your future husband a mite.
That's funny.
How could you say that after such an ugly propose?
Hey, that's not my fault!
It's all because of that witch, Lee Ru Ri.
It's making up for...
our great future.
Make up, my foot.
Hey, Bong Myung Tae.
You're out of my life.
Go away.
Ae Ri. Please stop.
The more you do this, the more you hurt me.
Ae Ri. Wait up.
We're getting on the same plane anyway, Ae Ri.
- Oh, I'm sorry. - Sorry.
Wait. You punk.
What are you doing here?
Are you here to meet Ru Ri?
- What? - You jerk.
Are you trying to start over with her now that she found...
a job at the Visitors Bureau?
Hey, get a grip.
Did you just say she got a job?
I'll give you a tip since you came a long way here.
If you don't see her at the Visitors Bureau,
go to the biggest resort here.
You'll find your successful daughter there.
You jerk.
- Ae Ri. Ae Ri. - Hey, come here.
Hey. Come here you jerk.
That jerk.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
He's crazy.
My goodness. This is so nice.
- Oh, my. - Hey.
You can't just come in.
Get out. Now.
Wait.
So is this...
the historical site where you cuddled with Manager Jung?
This is so nice.
You should be working.
Why did you even come here?
Leave now.
How was it?
Did your heart beat fast?
Or did you run out of breath?
Tell me now.
How was it to cuddle with Manager Jung's abs?
I told you already.
I was drunk, so I passed out.
Also, how could something happen when I looked so ugly?
Ru Ri, be honest.
Do you like Manager Jung?
- Do you love him? - Hey.
I just met him. I don't know anything about him.
I admit...
that he's hot.
He's also generous.
Look at you.
Wait. Manager Jung likes you too.
Are you two flirting right now?
No way, Manager Jung.
Stop it, Myung Rang.
He's not interested in me at all.
He asked General Manager to consider...
hiring you today.
He swallowed his pride.
Can you still say that he's not interested in you now?
- Are you serious? - Yes.
Then why would he scold me for eating a lot?
Or tell me to move out, or say that I'm pathetic?
Why would he keep scolding me?
What should I do with you?
You're so bad at reading a man's heart.
Think about it. He has no other choice.
What do you mean?
He's refusing to love you...
because of the aftereffect of the burn that you caused.
He's trying his best to push you away.
Can't you see that he's pushing you away?
No way.
If you can't believe me,
I'll make a reservation at a fancy restaurant for you.
You can go check.
How?
If the man hesitates,
- you should make a move first. - I should do that?
If he says yes, then you'll start dating,
but if not, you'll be embarrassed.
Hey.
You shouldn't delay it.
Don't regret it later.
Just get down to it first.
Good luck.
(Guam Visitors Bureau)
What?
I think there's been a mistake. There's no one named Lee Ru Ri.
We do have two Korean employees,
but they're both men.
If you don't see her at the Visitors Bureau, go to the biggest resort.
You'll find your successful daughter there.
Don't even think about drinking, or you'll become a sea squirt again.
Hey, Lee Ru Ri.
Make a move first.
Why did you want to see me...
in here?
If I don't get the club mate position,
I have to go to Seoul tomorrow.
Since it's my last day in Guam, I wanted to spend time with you.
Did you put on a make up?
Pardon?
No, I didn't.
I'm not trying to look pretty for you or anything.
Thank you for supporting me,
and providing me with a place to sleep until now.
Also,
thank you very much anyway.
Hey, stop talking gibberish, and eat your food.
Your stomach is calling for food.
Okay.
Enjoy your food.
You're eating like a pig.
Slow down, or you'll get sick.
Okay.
What is it? You're scaring me.
Your eyes are already big enough.
- Did something get in your eyes? - What?
It's not like that. You should use it first.
Are you chopping something?
Do you have hand tremor?
What? No, I don't.
Stay still.
What?
What are you...
Lee Ru Ri, he's pretending otherwise, but he likes you too.
It's weird.
You haven't been drinking, and yet you're red in the face...
and sweating a lot.
There's no fever, but she's panting.
You can be honest with me.
Do you perhaps...
Perhaps?
- Do you have a chronic disease? - What?
Oh, Lee Ru Ri.
I know her very well.
She worked here until recently.
Here? What did she do here?
Club mate.
Club mate?
I was very close to her even though she quit lately.
She quit?
Then this girl, my daughter,
where should I go to see her?
Where is this place?
A man's house who lives together with her.
Live together?
You should eat this. I went really far to buy this.
You shouldn't have. I know you're busy.
Father asked me to...
take care of you.
He's trying to be different. He wants to be better.
I don't believe his words.
People don't change easily.
But the life we have led together keeps stopping me.
I still feel attached to him even though I dislike him.
The long 34 years I lived with him and the memories...
keep stopping me.
Yes, Mom. Please give him one more chance.
Try to see him more positively.
He went to Guam to fetch Ru Ri.
What?
He went to see Ru Ri?
Yes. He must have been desperate...
as he went to bring Ru Ri to persuade you.
Gosh, I can't believe this.
No, this was going to happen anyway.
What are you talking about?
Ru Ri is going to get in trouble...
because of me.
Do you feel better after walking?
If you're not feeling well, we can go home.
What? No, I'm totally fine.
Don't make me worry about you.
If I keep living with you, I don't think I can live long.
Why are you laughing?
What? No, it's nothing.
Why do you keep laughing?
I don't know why, but I can't stop laughing.
I am happy to be able to walk here with you.
That's nothing to be happy about.
When I go back to Seoul, I'll miss this spot the most.
Whenever I came here feeling frustrated,
I'd get better again.
Really?
How sad.
Then stand over there.
I'll take a picture of you here.
What? No, I don't take pictures.
I don't take pictures because I look like a pumpkin.
Pumpkins look like pumpkins, not anything better.
Stand over there.
It's all right.
Take your hoodie off.
You won't look nice in a picture like that.
You look much better.
Don't frown.
Tilt your head a little.
Say "cookie".
What's wrong with me?
- Hello. - Hi.
The homeowner is not here at this moment.
How do you know?
I saw him and his girlfriend at that beach on my way here.
Girlfriend?
What are you doing?
I'm trying to keep the sea in my heart.
Did I get used to her now?
She's adorable.
Get a hold of yourself, Jung Tae Yang.
I will never forget you.
Why not?
You are the only man who has been nice to me.
You always get dumped easily because you get moved by men so easily.
The world is large, and there are so many men in it.
You should make good guys line up in front of you.
And don't get upset tomorrow.
Even if you don't make the club mate again,
you should believe in yourself.
You can do everything if you just believe that you can.
Hey, Lee Ru Ri! Today's your last chance.
You should do it. You should make a move first.
And...
even when you get to Seoul, be prepared for everything.
Think about what you can do best,
and what you want to do.
I'm so sorry.
Was that unpleasant?
I wasn't going to,
but Myung Rang kept telling me to make sure...
I mean, I don't know how you feel about me.
What's wrong?
Dad?
- Hello. - Dad!
- Dad. - You.
Who do you think you are?
Do you know who I am?
I went around the construction sites around the world.
I'm sorry, Dad. Let me explain. Wait, Dad.
I'll kill you today.
- You jerk. - Dad.
How dare you do that to my daughter?
- Who do you think you are? - Dad, please.
You jerk.
- Dad. - Get up! Get up, you jerk.
I think there's a misunderstanding, sir.
Shut your mouth. I don't want to talk to you.
- Calm down. - Be quiet!
Dad. Let me explain.
What happened was...
I don't need your excuse. Just answer my question.
Did you...
lie about getting a job at the Visitors Bureau?
Did you lie to me all this time,
and worked as a club mate instead?
I'm sorry, Dad.
Is it true...
you live at his house?
- Sir, actually... - Be quiet.
Be quiet.
Tell me. Is it true?
It's true that I'm staying at his house,
but it's not what you think it is.
I had a problem...
that I was only staying at his house for a while.
I'm sorry, Dad.
I've never been...
so ashamed like today in my whole life.
You.
You never...
made me happy.
You always lacked something.
You always made me worry.
That wasn't enough that...
you're at your lowest bottom now.
It's also my fault.
Dad.
Listen to me carefully.
You're no longer my daughter.
Don't call me as dad.
Don't even think about coming back home.
We're done here.
You chose this kind of life.
Suit yourself. Do whatever you want.
I won't care anymore.
- Dad. - Suit yourself.
Dad. Dad.
Let me go!
- I'm sorry, Dad. - Move.
Please forgive me, Dad.
You're not my daughter.
You're not!
I'm not your dad.
You're not my daughter.
Dad.
I can't believe it.
Dad!